% google-drive-ocamlfuse(1) google-drive-ocamlfuse manpage
% Alessandro Strada
% Sept 7, 2013

# NAME

google-drive-ocamlfuse - FUSE filesystem over Google Drive

# SYNOPSIS

google-drive-ocamlfuse [*options*] [*mountpoint*]

# DESCRIPTION

This program is a FUSE filesystem backed by Google Drive, written in OCaml. It
lets you mount your Google Drive on Linux.

The first time, you can run `google-drive-ocamlfuse` without parameters:

        google-drive-ocamlfuse

This command will create the default application directory
(`~/.gdfuse/default`), containing the configuration file config. And it will
start a web browser to obtain authorization to access your Google Drive. This
will let you modify default configuration before mounting the filesystem.

Then you can mount the filesystem:

        google-drive-ocamlfuse mountpoint

If you have more than one account, you can run:

        google-drive-ocamlfuse -label label [mountpoint]

Using `label` to distinguish different accounts. The program will use the
directory `~/.gdfuse/label` to host configuration, application state, and file
cache. No file is shared among different accounts, so you can have a different
configuration for each one.

To get a complete list of options, run `google-drive-ocamlfuse -help`.

# TROUBLESHOOTING

This application is still under testing, so there are probably bugs to
discover and fix. To be extra sure, if you want, you can mount the filesystem
in read-only mode, modifying the configuration (see the documentation), to
avoid any write attempt to the server. Anyway, the rm command will simply
trash your file, so you should always be able to rollback any changes. If you
have problems, you can turn on debug logging:

        google-drive-ocamlfuse -debug mountpoint

In `~/.gdfuse/default` you can find `curl.log` that will track every request
to the Google Drive API, and `gdfuse.log` that will log FUSE operations and
cache management. If something goes wrong, you can try clearing the cache,
with this command:

        google-drive-ocamlfuse -cc

If something still doesn't work, try starting from scratch removing everything
in `~/.gdfuse/default`. In this case you will need to reauthorize the
application.

Note that in order to reduce latency, the application will query the server
and check for changes only every 60 seconds (configurable). So, if you make a
change to your documents (server side), you won't see it immediately in the
mounted filesystem.

Note also that, at least for now, Google Documents will be exported read-only.

# FILES

`~/.gdfuse/default/config`
The configuration file

# SEE ALSO

google-drive-ocamlfuse online documentation may be found here:
<https://github.com/astrada/google-drive-ocamlfuse/wiki>.

The google-drive-ocamlfuse source code may be downloaded from
<https://github.com/astrada/google-drive-ocamlfuse>.

